Steven Spielberg presents Back to the
Future Robert Zemeckis film Marty leads
an ordinary life yo McFly ever amounted
to anything in the history of Hill
Valley history is gonna change and 1985
is not his year but dr. Brown is about
to change all that
are you telling me you put the time
machine he's sending Marty 30 years back
in time he's trapped in the past
he's gotta be a dream and he's making an
impression on his mother an absolute
dream anything sleep in Milan sweeper
customs on tutorials now he's got to
make his mother and father fall in love
and only dr. Brown can help him get back
to the future Christopher Lloyd why are
these our computers are probably people
to the future
[Music]